Feature: working directory (#348)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/getting-started/yaml.md

            excludes:
              - '**/*.md'
```

## Working directory

> You may select working directory globally for the entire workflow or for locally individual scripts. If not specified, global working directory defaults to the directory where the repository is cloned (`/Users/builder/clone`). You can override global working directory by specifying working directory in the individual steps. Consider the example below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may select a working directory globally for the entire workflow or for individual scripts only. If not specified, the global working directory defaults to the directory where the repository is cloned (`/Users/builder/clone`). You can override the global working directory by specifying the working directory in the individual steps. Consider the example below:
```

```yaml
workflows:
  build-ios:
    name: Build iOS and Android
    working_directory: mobile/
    scripts:
      - name: Prepare
        script: # current working directory is /Users/builder/clone/mobile
      - name: Build iOS
        script: # iOS build command

>         working_directory: mobile/ios

Reviewer: should all working directory paths end with a slash for consistency? compare: mobile/ and mobile/ios

Author: not necessarily, slash is optional

Author: I removed slash from `mobile/`

      - name: Build Android
        script: # Android build command
        working_directory: mobile/android
      - name: Logs
        script: # Process logs in /Users/builder/Library/Logs folder
        working_directory: /Users/builder/Library/Logs
```

> Relative path to working directory are counted based on repository clone directory, e.g. if `mobile` is the working directory then the script will be executed in `/Users/builder/clone/mobile`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Working directory paths are relative to the repository clone directory, e.g. if `mobile` is the working directory, then the script will be executed in `/Users/builder/clone/mobile`.
```

> Note that you could specify absolute path as a working directory as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you can specify an absolute path as a working directory as well.
```
